
! answerSymb = ?

# Lesson 1

> was used to compile health information and was adopted to tabulate the 1890 Census.
? card punch design

> when does the U.S. population had grown so large that it took more than seven years to tabulate the U.S. Census results. 
? 1880

> was designed as early as in 1830s. This was done by the great Charles Babbage, and the name of the machine is Analytical Engine. 
? first modern digital computer 

> the modern digital computer, was designed as early as in 
? 1830

> who created "first modern digital computer"?
? Charles Babbage

> Who created a machine to calculate the numerical value or values of any formula or function of which the mathematician can indicate the method of solution. 
? Henry Babbage

> When does In France, Joseph Marie Jacquard invents a loom that uses punched wooden cards to automatically weave fabric designs.
? 1801

> Who invents a loom that uses punched wooden cards to automatically weave fabric designs.
? Joseph Marie Jacquard 

> When does Herman Hollerith designs a punch card system to calculate the 1880 census, accomplishing the task in just three years and saving the government $5 million. 
? 1890

> Who designs a punch card system to calculate the 1880 census, accomplishing the task in just three years and saving the government $5 million. 
? Herman Hollerith 

> who establishes a company that would ultimately become IBM.
? Herman Hollerith 

> When does Alan Turing presents the notion of a universal machine, later called the Turing machine, capable of computing anything that is computable. 
? 1936

> Who presents the notion of a universal machine, later called the Turing machine, capable of computing anything that is computable.
? Alan Turing

> when does Atanasoff and his graduate student, Clifford Berry, design a computer that can solve 29 equations simultaneously.
? 1941

> who design a computer that can solve 29 equations simultaneously.
? Atanasoff and Clifford Berry

> when does Two University of Pennsylvania professors, John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert, build the Electronic Numerical Integrator and Calculator (ENIAC). 
? 1943-1944

> who build the Electronic Numerical Integrator and Calculator (ENIAC). 
? John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert

> Considered the grandfather of digital computers, it fills a 20-foot by 40-foot room and has 18,000 vacuum tubes.
? Electronic Numerical Integrator and Calculator (ENIAC)

> when does Mauchly and Presper leave the University of Pennsylvania and receive funding from the Census Bureau to build the UNIVAC, the first commercial computer for business and government applications.
? 1946

> who build the UNIVAC, the first commercial computer for business and government applications.
? Mauchly and Presper 

> when does William Shockley, John Bardeen and Walter Brattain of Bell Laboratories invent the transistor. 
? 1947

> who invent the transistor?
? William Shockley, John Bardeen and Walter Brattain

> are REALLY big and get VERY hot. They use a LOT of electricity. 
? Vacuum tubes 

> are “VERY” small and generate almost no heat. They use very little electricity. 
? transistor

> when does Grace Hopper develops the first computer language, which eventually becomes known as COBOL.
? 1953

> who develops the first computer language, which eventually becomes known as COBOL.
? Grace Hopper

> is a high-level programming language for business applications. 
? COBOL (Common Business-Oriented Language) 

> It was the first popular language designed to be operating system-agnostic and is still in use in many financial and business applications today. 
? COBOL (Common Business-Oriented Language) 

> was designed for business computer programs in industries such as finance and human resources. 
? COBOL (Common Business-Oriented Language) 

> when does the FORTRAN programming language, an acronym for FORmula TRANslation, is developed by a team of programmers at IBM led by John Backus, according to the University of Michigan.
? 1954

> is a programming language that is developed by a team of programmers at IBM led by John Backus, according to the University of Michigan.
? FORTRAN

> the FORTRAN programming language, an acronym for FORmula TRANslation, is developed by a team of programmers at IBM led by
? John Backus

> when was the first important algorithmic language designed by an IBM team led by John Backus. 
? 1957

> It was the first important algorithmic language designed in 1957 by an IBM team led by John Backus. 
? FORTRAN

> It was intended for scientific computations with real numbers and collections of them organized as one- or multidimensional arrays
? FORTRAN

> when does Jack Kilby and Robert Noyce unveil the integrated circuit, known as the computer chip. 
? 1958

> who unveil the integrated circuit, known as the computer chip. 
? Jack Kilby and Robert Noyce 

> who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2000 for his work.
? Jack Kilby

> when does Kilby was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work.
? 2000

> is a small chip that can function as an amplifier, oscillator, timer, microprocessor, or even computer memory. 
? integrated circuit, or IC

> is a small wafer, usually made of silicon, that can hold anywhere from hundreds to millions of transistors, resistors, and capacitors. 
? integrated circuit, or IC

> These extremely small electronics can perform calculations and store data using either digital or analog technology.
? integrated circuit, or IC

> when does Douglas Engelbart shows a prototype of the modern computer, with a mouse and a graphical user interface (GUI).
? 1964 

> who shows a prototype of the modern computer, with a mouse and a graphical user interface (GUI). 
? Douglas Engelbart

> This marks the evolution of the computer from a specialized machine for scientists and mathematicians to technology that is more accessible to the general public.
? graphical user interface (GUI). 

> when does A group of developers at Bell Labs produce UNIX, an operating system that addressed compatibility issues. 
? 1969

> what did a group of developers at Bell Labs produce an operating system that addressed compatibility issues. 
? UNIX

> what programming language is created in UNIX?
? C programming language

> was portable across multiple platforms and became the operating system of choice among mainframes at large companies and government entities.
? UNIX

> is a general-purpose programming language that is extremely popular, simple and flexible. 
? C programming language

> It is machine-independent, structured programming language which is used extensively in various applications.
? C programming language

> was the basics language to write everything from operating systems (Windows and many others) to complex programs like the Oracle database, Git, Python interpreter and more.
? C programming language

> when does The newly formed Intel unveils the Intel 1103, the first Dynamic Access Memory (DRAM) chip.
? 1970

> the first Dynamic Access Memory (DRAM) chip.
? Intel 1103

> the world’s first metal oxide semiconductor
? Intel 1101

> a one-kilobit dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) chip, was successful and the first chip to store a significant amount of information.
? Intel 1103

> It was purchased first by the American technology company Honeywell Incorporated in 1970 to replace the core memory technology in its computers.
? Intel

> when does Alan Shugart leads a team of IBM engineers who invent the "floppy disk," allowing data to be shared among computers.\
? 1971

> who invent the "floppy disk,"?
? Alan Shugart

> is a magnetic storage medium for computer systems.
? floppy disk 

> is composed of a thin, flexible magnetic disk sealed in a square plastic carrier. 
? floppy disk 

> were widely used to distribute software, transfer files, and create back-up copies of data
? floppy disk 

> when does Robert Metcalfe, a member of the research staff for Xerox, develops Ethernet for connecting multiple computers and other hardware.
? 1973

> who develops Ethernet for connecting multiple computers and other hardware.
? Robert Metcalfe

> when does , A number of personal computers hit the market, including Scelbi & Mark-8 Altair, IBM 5100, Radio Shack's TRS-80 — affectionately known as the "Trash 80" — and the Commodore PET.
? 1974 - 1977

> when does The January issue of Popular Electronics magazine features the Altair 8080, described as the "world's first minicomputer kit to rival commercial models." 
? 1975

> described as the "world's first minicomputer kit to rival commercial models.
? Altair 8080

> who write software for the Altair, using the new BASIC language.
? Paul Allen and Bill Gates

> was one of the first computers available for personal use.
? Altair 8800 

> revolutionized the computing world by allowing common people to have their own personal computer to use as they pleased
? Altair 8800 

> was responsible for the rise of Microsoft as a computing industry giant.
? Altair 8800 

> when does Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak start Apple Computers on April Fool's Day and roll out the Apple I, the first computer with a single-circuit board, according to Stanford University.
? 1976

> who start Apple Computers on April Fool's Day and roll out the Apple I, the first computer with a single-circuit board, according to Stanford University.
? Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak 

> the first computer with a single-circuit board, according to Stanford University.
? Apple I

> when does Radio Shack's initial production run of the TRS-80 was just 3,000. It sold like crazy. For the first time, non-geeks could write programs and make a computer do what they wished.
? 1977

> when does Jobs and Wozniak incorporate Apple and show the Apple II at the first West Coast Computer Faire. 
? 1977

> incorporate Apple and show the Apple II at the first West Coast Computer Faire. 
? Jobs and Wozniak

> It offers color graphics and incorporates an audio cassette drive for storage.
? Apple II 

> When does Accountants rejoice at the introduction of VisiCalc, the first computerized spreadsheet program.
? 1978

> the first computerized spreadsheet program
? VisiCalc

> when does Word processing becomes a reality as MicroPro International releases WordStar. 
? 1979

> it becomes a reality as MicroPro International releases WordStar. 
? word processing
